Functional requirements:
1. A user shall be able to select a list of courses, and remove selected courses from said list.
2. A user shall be able to create a list of constraints that generated schedules must abide by, and remove created constraints from said list.
    1. An "Inter-Class Break" shall be offered as a type of constraint, where the user specifies a duration<sup>[a]</sup> of time that must be present between the end of one class and the beginning of another class.
    2. An "Inflexible Break" shall be offered as a type of constraint, where the user specifies two times<sup>[b]</sup> between which no classes may be scheduled.
    3. A "Flexible Break" shall be offered as a type of constraint, where the user specifies one duration<sup>[a]</sup> and two times<sup>[b]</sup>. For a schedule to satisfy this constraint, there must be a contiguous block of time during which no classes are scheduled lasting at least as long as the duration specified by the user. Additionally, this block of time must occur between the two times specified by the user.
3. A user shall be able to generate a list of schedules. Each schedule in this list must...
    * contain one section of each course present in the course list (as specified in requirement 1),
    * satisfy all constraints present in the constraint list (as specified in requirement 2), and
    * not contain any sections that have overlapping meeting times. 

<sup>[a]</sup> In this context, "duration" is referring to a length of time, e.g., `15 minutes` or `1 hour`.  
<sup>[b]</sup> In this context, "two times" is referring to a starting time and ending time. These times consist of a time-of-day and at least one day-of-week, e.g., `Tu 8am` or `MWF 1:30pm`.

Non-functional requirements:  
* Product requirements:
    * Usability requirement - The client-side website shall be intuitive enough to be used by users who have recieved minimal training. Training shall be provided within a help section linked to by the client-side website containing both text-based and video-based usage walkthroughs.
    * Efficiency requirements:
        * Performance requirement - The server-side schedule generation procedure shall take no more than 30 seconds.
        * Space requirement - The response body generated by the server to a "generate schedules" query shall be no larger than 512KB.
    * Dependability requirement - The product shall have a downtime of no more than ten minutes a day during periods of intense load.
    * Security requirement - All communication between the client and server shall use HTTPS.
* Organizational requirements:
    * Environmental requirement (?) - The client-side website shall support all modern, non-mobile web browsers.
    * Operational requirement (?) - The client-side website shall be operated using a mouse and keyboard.
    * Development requirement - The client-side website shall be developed using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS, while the server-side back end system shall be developed using Java.
* External requirements:
    * Regulatory requirement - The client-side website shall have a link to a privacy policy to comply with 
    * Ethical requirement - The product shall not perform any form of browser fingerprinting, tracking, or deanonymization.
    * Legislative requirements:
        * Accounting requirement - ???
        * Safety/security requirement - The product shall not perform any data-mining or other practices that would violate the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.
